Added description and workarounds for VSCode#90484 (#936)
aws/aws-toolkit-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

    npm run integrationTest

> #### Common Issues

Reviewer: "Troubleshooting" is maybe a more common/recognizable/searchable name for this.

- 12 February 2020

>   - Consecutive test runs on are currently impacted on VS Code v.1.42.0 due to caching issues. We have opened an [issue with the VS Code team](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues/90484) and we are looking into alternate fixes on our end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Consecutive test runs are currently impacted on VS Code v.1.42.0 due to caching issues. See [VS Code issue #90484](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues/90484).
```

- `- 12 February 2020` can be omitted, since the issue link and use of the word "currently" signals time-sensitivity already. 
- "we are looking into..." can be omitted since it's assumed (doesn't add new information).

Author: I like having the date present in case we forget to remove it. I'll go ahead and add it to the issue description so we can have less nesting.

>   - Current workarounds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Workarounds:
```
